## ITMD 362, Production Problem 02: GitHub Group Repos and Pull Requests

For this Production Problem, you and your group for Project 2 are going to establish your group
within a GitHub Organization (see
https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-new-organization-account/), create a shared group
repository within the organization, and then fork individual repositories for Project 2. You will
also practice submitting a pull request.

1. Organize yourself on the Basecamp thread, and then choose as a team what coordination software
you will use to communicate (e.g., your own Basecamp project [NOT the class-wide one], Slack,
Trello, or something else).

Write the name of the service your group has decided to use:

2. In your project coordination software of choice, discuss and choose one member who will create
the free GitHub Organization account for your team. That member can click the + (plus sign) next to
their avatar, or go straight to https://github.com/organizations/new As part of that process, the
member creating the organization should also invite the other team members (be sure to share GitHub
usernames in your project coordination software of choice). GitHub may also ask you to take a
survey, which you can take or just skip. Finally, create a new repository within the organization.
Initializing it on GitHub with a `README.md` file is fine, unless you’ve already begun a repository
on a group member’s computer. **That will be your shared repository for Project 2.**

3. List the names of your group members here:

4. Copy and paste the URL for your group’s GitHub organization here:

5. Copy and paste the URL for your group’s shared repository here:

6. Each member of the group should fork the repository (including the group member whose account
was used to create the GitHub organization for your project).

Write the URL for your personal fork of the repository here:

7. Each member of the group should clone their forked copy of the repository to his/her computer.
Once you have cloned the forked copy, you should add the *group* repository as a second remote. Run
`git remote add group` followed by the URL for your group’s repository.

Write or paste the output of `git remote -v` from your copy of the forked repository here:

8. Next, each group member should add to the `README.md` file his/her name, and a brief few
sentences of what the member believes are his/her primary strengths. Prior to doing that, be sure to
pull from the remote repo (`git pull group master`) to get any other group members’ names and
strengths. Add and commit your own work, and push to your own repository (`git push origin master`).

9. Finally, within your fork of the repository on GitHub, open up a pull request to the shared
repository. Each group member should review the request before it is merged, and then pull from the
group repository to have a complete, up-to-date `README.md` file.

Write the URL of your pull request here:
